Group Meeting
=============
Date: 20  Aug 2021
Started: 13:00 
Finisghed: 

Attendees:
=========
Carl
Sam
kaleb
Bran
Hallam

Absent
=======
Daniel

Items Discussed/outcomes
========================
tasks for each section of the final reported create/moved into required Jira sprints.
group members requested to volunteer for tasks bey assigning the desired task to themselves
Discussed Git Hub (folder structure, readme.md etc)
